# project-1-group-15

Data Analytics Bootcamp Project 1

Executive Summary

Companies at large have seen more of a push for diversity, equity, and inclusion in the workplace.  Since the workforce is constantly changing, the analysis of the Kaggle "Diversity in Tech" dataset allowed us to explore whether racial and gender diversity is reflected in the tech industry. The dataset looked at 23 companies from 2014-2018. Each company provided a percentage for 9 categories: Male, Female, White, Asian, Latino, Black, Multi, Other, and Undeclared. Our team evaluated the data through the use of a line graph, double bar charts, stacked bar chart, and donut charts. The data was further analyzed through linear modeling and statistical testing by way of violint plots. After completing the analysis, the findings showed that the male population was about twice the size of the female population over a 5-year period.  The percentage of Latino and Black people remained consistently below 10% while the percentage of Asian people was maintained at 20% and rose slightly. The findings also suggested that more women in a tech workplace could indicate more racial diversity within the company as well. Given our analysis, we proposed two main calls to action that could help to diversify the tech workplace. The first call to action is tackling unconscious bias within the workplace and on individual teams. This will help to make for a more collabortive and more welcoming workplace for minorities. The second call to action would be to introduce tech into more schools in the form of workshops, camps, clubs, classes, and afterschool programs that are centered around technology. This will allow for an expanded outreach of the tech world at a younger age, and it will also help to close the information gap between men and women. 
       